You've got the whole world in your hands this month. Seriously, there is nothing that can stop you from achieving your dreams and getting your desires met. Let's begin with Uranus. The great agent of change will shift back into your sign on November 6 after having briefly transitioned into Taurus on May 15. From now through March 6, 2019, you'll experience the final journey of personal awakening that can make you feel more alive than you've ever felt before. It's time to claim your Aries birthright to courageously be the pioneer who dares to do what no one has done before. What will this be for you? It will certainly affect your love life. In fact, Venus turns direct right in your partnership sector on November 16 and will oppose Uranus in your sign by November 30. This is a major personal awakening -- or a wake-up call -- about your relationship. A dramatic and unexpected fresh start between you and your mate is possible. If you have been waiting for that special someone to make a commitment to you in some way … well … your wait is probably over. Besides Uranus re-entering Aries this month, an equally dramatic and exhilarating cosmic shift involves lucky Jupiter. The planet of blessings, abundance, spirituality, and divine protection will enter her home sign of Sagittarius -- a very auspicious transition for you. Now that Jupiter is in a compatible Fire sign, you'll find it easy to maximize the blessings he wants to throw your way. He'll be in your 9th House of Expansion until December 2, 2019, and you might choose to go back to school and expand your intellectual horizons during this time. You might also get a major travel bug and consider international vacations or even a study abroad program. This will also be a spectacular year to publish a book or spread your wisdom in a way that can reach many people. Your voice is inspiring, and your message can instill faith and hope to others in a glorious way. As an added bonus, you might receive an amazing lucky break from a spiritual mentor or from someone who has a background quite different from your own. If you happen to find yourself involved in any legal drama this year, don't stress. You are protected. It will truly be a month for you to think bigger than you ever have before. Jupiter in your 9th house wants you to take a magic carpet ride to a whole new world. It's waiting for you. After all the back and forth emotional turbulence you endured last month related to your partnership, you'll feel as if you've finally struck gold this month. A New Moon in your relationship sector on November 7 will have you and your partner easily healing and moving on to calmer waters. Venus was retrograde in this area of your chart last month and as a result, you had some serious second thoughts about the direction of your love life. You might have experienced a traumatic restimulation of past betrayal, or you might have just fallen into a dark pit of hopelessness, expecting the worst from love and never considering that you and your lover might be meant to rise from the ashes together. This month, you'll see that together is exactly where you want to be -- and you'll both be willing to put forth the effort. Adding to this goodness is the fact that Uranus will dip out of your sign and back into Aries on November 6, giving you back much of the solid footing you felt you had lost since mid-May. Life has certainly picked up speed and become exciting, with many rapid changes. But you are tired, Taurus, and you need time now to adjust to all that life-altering chaos. So this November you will settle down … and so will your love life. Even more stability is coming your way after November 16 when Venus, your ruler, finally turns direct. She'll be in your work and health sector at this time, helping you to monetize freelance assignments and to collaborate harmoniously with colleagues. If you're thinking about getting any cosmetic procedure, you've got the green light once Venus is direct in this part of your chart. You'll be pleased with the results! There's even more of a gold rush happening in your world this month, and it is literally about material abundance. Jupiter, the planet of expansion, will move into your 8th House of Shared Resources on November 8 where he'll remain through December 2, 2019. This is the part of your chart connected to money you get through any other source besides your own direct paycheck. That's a money tree with many, many branches! This month you'll begin to see a major opportunity connected to making money passively. Making money while you sleep is certainly up your alley! You might also earn extra cash through investments, royalties, bonus or commission checks, a financial settlement, or even an inheritance. Getting a loan or mortgage will be easy breezy with Jupiter in this area of your chart. Also, if you're looking for an investor to help fund a business idea, you might have your pick of the litter. These people will also truly believe in your professional skills, making it even more valuable for you to work together. Lastly, if you're married, this part of your chart rules your partner's income. He or she might see a major increase in their wealth quotient which, of course, will benefit you. This month everything will turn around in your love life. Yes, it's going to be THAT dramatic. It all begins with Jupiter, the planet of expansion and abundance, moving into your partnership sector for the first time in 12 years! This happens on November 8, and Jupiter will remain here until December 2, 2019, blessing you and your partner in ways that might seem too good to be true at times -- but it's not. It's real. If you're in a committed partnership and things are going well when this transit begins, you can anticipate the joy factor in your relationship to expand beyond anything either of you ever envisioned. If, however, you go into this time with a very troubled relationship, it's possible that you and your mate will call it quits. This could be a time when you hire attorneys or decide on mediation. The bright side of this if it's your scenario is that any break-up during a Jupiter cycle is likely to be amicable and not as stressful as it could be. Count your blessings! Even so, be wary of miscommunication between you and your partner or you and your legal representation from November 16-December 6 while Mercury is retrograde. Now, if you are single and open for love or if you're dating someone new, there is a much more romantic storyline. For starters, Venus will turn direct in your true love sector on November 16. A recent reconciliation with an ex might turn into the love you always wanted with this person. Or, a new person might enter the picture. If so, you can be certain that this is a karmic love connection. Happily, it looks like good karma! With Jupiter in your partnership sector as well, there is every indication that over the next year you'll find yourself in a fairy tale romance with someone you quickly become committed to. Marriage is even on the table. And that Full Moon on November 23 in your sign will have you feeling all the feels. Do you have butterflies in your stomach yet? Oh, don't worry. You will. This month is so chaotically beautiful. You're not going to know where to focus on first. As early as November 6 you'll notice a jumpstart professionally. Uranus dips back into the area of your chart connected to your professional world, essentially turning it upside down once more (and until March 6, 2019). But don't worry -- this time it's a happy surprise. That's because Jupiter moves into your work sector two days later, bringing in abundance and plenty of lucky breaks to this area of your life. You might suddenly quit a job that makes you miserable only to find your dream job the very next day. Or, you might have a sudden opportunity to seize a promotion or expand a freelance business. With Jupiter in your 6th House of Well-Being until December 2, 2019, you'll also find yourself well protected in health. If there is anything you need to take care of over the next year, you can smile knowing you'll have top notch healthcare. You might also feel more optimistic about your health than you have in quite a while, because you're finally taking care of matters you've been neglecting for far too long. Your love life will get a boost as well thanks to a gorgeous New Moon in your romance sector on November 7. Karmic love connections are still a major theme after November 16 when Venus finally turns direct. She'll move forward in your home and family sector, suggesting that one of your relatives might introduce you to your next soulmate. You might also meet this person at a family gathering, so keep your eyes peeled! 
 If you've been going through money like water when it comes to work around your house or on family expenses, it will all begin to regulate itself after November 16. Mercury retrogrades on the same day as Venus turning direct, adding yet another layer of flavor to this month's cosmic soup. Happening in your work sector, it's possible that you and a colleague will begin to experience some misunderstandings. Fortunately, with Jupiter in the same area of your chart, you'll work through it. You might also go back to a job you held in the past. It'll be even better this time around. You'll actually feel as though your opinions are respected and you don't have to speak as loudly in order to truly be heard. Are you smiling yet? You most definitely should be, especially once you find out exactly what cosmic goodness is in store for you starting this month and lasting for an entire year! Jupiter, the planet of gifts and luck, will move into your romance sector on November 8 where he'll remain until December 2, 2019. This is a monumental shift and hasn't happened for nearly 12 years. If you're single going into this transit, there is every chance that you won't be by the time it's over. In fact, you might even have more than one joyous love affair. You see, your heart is now open -- really open -- to receiving the magical blessing of love. Because you are optimistic about your love life and potential, the universe is ready to respond in a major way. This isn't just any old ordinary love that's about to rock your world, Leo. No, this is big love. BIG. Jupiter does nothing small, so what else could it be? Although you might not meet this person in November, the stars are absolutely aligning, so get ready. It's coming! If you're already in a relationship, it's possible you and your love will be ready to make a baby. Fertility is high for you over the next year, so if a child is not on your agenda just yet, then you might want to take the proper precautions. Alternatively, it is possible that what you'll give birth to is a creative endeavor that sparks you. You'll have so much fun with this project. In fact, it has a great chance of succeeding because of the passion you'll put into it. A New Moon lands in your home and family sector on November 7, suggesting a fresh start in domestic matters. You might begin the process of moving or starting a home renovation. Whatever changes are happening in your domestic world, you can be sure that they will be deeply transformational, while also having the potential to bring great healing to your family unit. That is definitely positive news! Venus, the planet of love, money, and harmony, has been retrograde since October 5. Since October 31, she has been hiding out in your communication sector. However, on November 16, she'll turn direct, allowing you to mend fences with a sibling you might have been on the outs with for the last couple of months. You might also be ready to move forward with a significant financial or romantic decision. Interestingly enough, Mercury will turn retrograde in your 5th House of True Love on the same day. Yes, Jupiter is there expanding all those 5th house goodies, but you might find yourself mentally stuck in the past now that Mercury is retrograde. You might be thinking a lot about an ex-lover or even find yourself communicating with them again. If you're single, you might consider giving this relationship another whirl. Don't commit one way or the other. The universe wants to give you abundance in this area. You won't know until next month if the ex is the right path or if this retrograde just brought him or her back for closure. Domestic bliss is about to be yours! Jupiter, the planet of "happy and jolly," will move into your 4th House of Home, Family, and Real Estate on November 8. He'll remain in this part of your chart until December 2, 2019, so this is absolutely a cosmic shift you'll want to celebrate. Have you and your clan been experiencing any problems? Help is here! Jupiter will act as a protective buffer and mediator, somehow smoothing over rough edges in your family relationships so that everything gets better. Another benefit to having Jupiter here is that it will be one of the best possible times for you to move, renovate, or otherwise change your living situation. Even if it's not more living space, you'll experience it as a definite upsize. The happiness quotient of your living situation will improve -- and that's priceless! Your family might also expand under this influence, so don't be surprised if you find out that someone in your clan is expecting. In other news, Venus will turn direct on November 16, allowing you to move forward with a major financial decision. This might be about you launching a new product or service if you're in business for yourself. Another possibility is that you'll finally have the confidence to market one of your talents that you used to feel like you needed to keep under wraps. Revealing this gift to the world will not only make you feel amazing, but you'll soon realize that it has been a branch on your personal money tree all along. You're definitely moving on up in career matters as well this month. A Full Moon at the top of your chart on November 23 will leave you in the spotlight. All eyes are on you and guess what everyone is seeing? Success. Mercury, your ruler, will turn retrograde on November 16 and will remain so until December 6, mainly in your 4th house. This might not be such a bad thing this time around. You might actually reconnect with family members you've been out of touch with for a while. In fact, a reunion now will be healing, especially with Jupiter hanging around the same part of your chart. Wow! This is a fascinating month astrologically on many fronts. For you, the most pivotal turning point will occur on November 16 when Venus, your ruler, turns direct in your sign. Venus has been out of phase since October 5 but has been napping in Libra since October 31. This time period for you has likely been quite significant. Not only has it brought up a host of insecurities for you to navigate, but there might have been a great deal of uncertainty regarding a romantic relationship or a financial situation. You'll see major developments in both of these areas in November, that's for sure. However, the most radical change will happen on the inside. With Venus being retrograde in your sign, you have been forced to look yourself in the mirror and see what's really staring back at you. Is it a person with confidence, joy, exuberance, and amazing talent and love to offer the world, or is it the polar opposite? Most likely, you fall somewhere in the middle. The holes that have opened up in your self-worth profile need to be repaired. Knowing your worth will translate into stronger, happier relationships with others and a more successful relationship with money as well. In fact, a significant shift in your partnership is likely with Uranus edging back into your 7th House of Commitment on November 6. This change was long overdue, and you might not have felt confident enough to negotiate it before. Now you do! A New Moon in your earned income sector follows on November 7. See? You are going to make a profound change internally that absolutely will lead to an opportunity to get your money right more than ever before. Jupiter, the planet of blessings, will enter your communication sector on November 8. Suddenly, you are craving more knowledge. You'll also feel inspired to share your wisdom with others. Remember, knowing your worth is the greatest knowing of all. As you step into November, you might feel like the universe has pressed a cosmic reset button in your life. A New Moon in your sign on November 7 promises a clean slate and a fresh start -- wherever you choose to direct it. There is something about your personal journey and development that you might be ready to initiate after a long phase of contemplation. With this lunation, you'll feel like you've got the power to stop thinking and start doing. In terms of your personal life, you might be ready to stop keeping secrets between you and your sweetheart. If you have been sitting and stewing over something over these last couple of months, you'll notice that you'll feel less swept away in the undertow of emotion over this situation by November 16. Even if an honest conversation might lead to tears being shed, you know that is needs to happen. Fortunately, once Venus turns direct in your 12th House of Secrets, you will no longer be a prisoner of what you've been keeping to yourself. If this recent Venus Retrograde had nothing to do with your love life, it's likely that you've been carefully reviewing your financial situation. A talent that you used to feel insecure about monetizing and sharing with others might have become something for you to reconsider. You might have spent time overcoming any anxiety connected to this and are now ready to turn this into something. Fortunately, you have amazing cosmic support when it comes to money matters. Jupiter, the planet of expansion and blessings, will move into your earned income sector on November 8 where he'll remain through December 2, 2019. With Jupiter in this part of your chart, you'll notice an exponential increase in your ability to create wealth. Not only will you make more money, but the confidence you have in yourself to do so will be at an all-time high. There is a direct relationship between you believing that you can and you actually doing it. That is the beauty of Jupiter. You do seem to spend time recalibrating your financial plans once more after November 16 thanks to Mercury Retrograde. What you will notice here is that you're no longer suffering from any insecurity about your talents. At the same time, you might have lacked a strategy for implementing them in the past. Now you'll spend time making this right. It'll pay off more than you think. In fact, you might see this for yourself as early as November 23.There is so much for you to celebrate this month! Number one on the list is the fact that Jupiter, your ruling planet of expansion, faith, and blessings, will move into your sign for the first time in nearly 12 years! This is a HUGE event that is sure to shift your life in all types of positive directions. You are truly in a place now where support is everywhere you turn. From November 8 through December 2, 2019, you will have nothing but open road ahead to be, do, and have anything you want in life. This is not an exaggeration. It might sound like it is, but you need to understand the power of intention and how it's going to work in your life now that Jupiter is in his home sign, which also happens to be YOUR sign. If you have ever read "The Secret" and tried to tap into the law of attraction and abundance, you have been handed a cosmic magic wand to make it all happen. It's not about merely believing that your dreams can come true -- it's knowing with all your heart and soul that they're true and you're already living them. Once you make that internal shift, you'll start to notice the universe conspiring in your favor to truly make miracles happen in your life. Making this month even more flavorful is the fact that Mercury will turn retrograde in your sign on November 16. Because of this, you might notice that you feel the need to slow down and truly clarify those dreams and aspirations you've got. It's important to take this minor step back, because it will only be by clarifying precisely what you want that you'll enable the universe to grant your desires. If you are flip flopping between goals, decisions, and ideas, use this time to write careful lists of the pros and cons around them. It will help more than you realize. Your love life will get quite exciting again this month. Between Uranus moving back into your true love sector on November 6 and a Full Moon in your partnership sector on November 23, it looks as if a shake-up is about to happen in matters of the heart. Don't worry! It seems to be exactly the jumpstart you needed anyway. Massive changes are afoot in November, but you might have a strange feeling that there will be a calming influence that overrides any radical change or even stormy weather that might be ahead. Uranus moves back into your home and family sector on November 6, giving you one last hurrah of domestic chaos to navigate until early March 2019. Fortunately, you're now such an expert at rolling with the punches in this area of your life that you essentially expect change. You'll be fine no matter what crazy situation may erupt from a member of your clan. In fact, you'll be more than fine. Jupiter, the planet of blessings, will move into your 12th House of Secrets on November 8 and will remain here until December 2, 2019. What good is Jupiter in the most elusive, hidden area of your chart? Well, it's actually phenomenal. Jupiter here will open up the floodgates when it comes to your intuition as well as hidden, divine protection from others. This might be a hidden benefactor, but it is equally likely that your angels, guides, and other divine beings will be working overtime on your behalf to make sure that all is well. That is nothing to sneeze at! If things in your life get to a rock bottom situation during the next year, you will absolutely be rescued. It's your year to cash in your karmic brownie points. Enjoy the spiritual benefits! Venus, the ruler of your career sector, will turn direct in your 10th House of Profession on November 16. Expect a major turning point -- in the right direction -- when it comes to your profession! You might have a fulfilling new job opportunity thanks to the Full Moon in your work sector on November 23. With Venus direct, you will feel completely valued by your boss and any other VIP. Mercury does turn retrograde on the same day in your hidden 12th house. You'll have an opportunity to unravel a mentally draining situation that has left you completely anxious or unsettled. In other news, Mercury retrograde here would be a great time for a past life regression. You'll uncover gold that will help heal you from things in this lifetime. Consider it! It's not what you think. Well, unless that's what you want. Then, in that case, have at it. With Jupiter edging into your 11th House of Friendships on November 8 for the first time in 12 years, you can be sure of one thing: Your friends will absolutely be the key to your success and fulfillment. You'll enjoy this cosmic blessing Until December 2, 2019, but you'll notice it immediately in November. Suddenly, people in your social circle are friendlier and more benevolent towards you. A friend might suddenly offer to introduce you to a person he or she knows who has the power to make one of your personal aspirations a reality. Connection is everything with Jupiter in this area of your chart, so let your friends help you -- they will take you far! In fact, with Mercury turning retrograde in the same area of your chart on November 16, don't be shocked if a friend from back in the day comes back into your life and offers you a sweet surprise. A very real career opportunity is also likely this month thanks to a New Moon on November 7 at the top of your chart. This will be a time when you can launch a business or reach for a promotion. Although this lunation happens on November 7, hold off until after November 16 as that's when Venus turns direct. She does rule money, so it's worth waiting until she's right as rain. This will happen in your 9th House of Legal Matters, so if a divorce or financial settlement has been stalled, you can anticipate forward movement by the end of the month. Your love life should be pretty interesting as well in November. A Full Moon in your true love sector on November 23 might lead to an emotional turning point between you and someone you're dating. Since the ruler of your true love sector is Mercury and he'll be retrograde, you might end something with a current lover to explore a second chance with someone from your past. You're likely to have options. Aren't you lucky? Get ready to pop some champagne and celebrate! Jupiter, your traditional ruler, will change signs this month and move to a brand-new area of your chart. On November 8, for the first time in 12 years, he'll bestow showers of happiness and blessings in your career sector. This is incredible energy that will absolutely catapult you to the next level professionally from now through December 2, 2019. It is the very best time to launch a business if you've been considering branching out in an entrepreneurial way. If you're looking for a career change, Jupiter here will support you and offer a much easier transition. And if you want to climb up the ladder of success in your current profession? Well, success is guaranteed. Your boss or those in your industry you hold in high regard will hold you in equally favorable esteem now. In fact, don't be surprised if you're lavished with praise, reward, and honors over the next year. Interestingly enough, Mercury will turn retrograde in this same area of your chart on November 16. You might suddenly hear from a boss or some other VIP from your past asking you to consider a new opportunity. This could be very promising! Venus will also turn direct on the same day -- and in your 8th House of Big Money. If you've been waiting patiently for seed money to start that new business venture, it's likely to fall into place now. You might also hear wonderful news about an investment or other financial blessing that comes your way. An intense thirst for knowledge might also consume you near November 7 during the New Moon. This will be an ideal time to sign up for an adult education class or to begin a major course of study. If you're an expert in your field, you might be asked to teach what you know in some capacity. You might even be able to reach an international audience. What an honor! The month winds down with a Full Moon in your home and family sector on November 23. Emotional news from a relative might lead to a turning point for everyone in your clan. Don't stress out about this -- it appears to be positive new. If you do shed tears, they are likely to be tears of joy. You might also be packing your bags and getting ready to move to a new home or apartment. The first night at your new place will be unforgettable.